So we defined our model, right?
We have this flatten to dense layers.
What we need to do next is to tell,
can define the solver.
So solver will contain
basically two things.
We will need to specify how we
want get to the right solution and
what should be our loss function.
So if we say something
like this model.compile,
and that's basically completion of
our solver for that particular model.
And as the parameters,
we can specify optimizer.
So we can use something like stochastic
gradient descent, SGD, or adam.
In the previous example
with linear regression,
we used something similar to
stochastic gradient descent.
We started with some random point and
gradually through descending
in our gradient space,
we get to the extremor of the function or
sorry, mathematic jargon.
[LAUGH] Let's say the solution,
the minimum of the function, in this case,
it was the minimum of the error function.
In our case, adam is just another solver
which can get to this point a little bit
quicker and we still need to
provide the loss function.
So loss function, there are several
variants what you can use here.
By the way, just out of curiosity,
if we type something like this, no.
I think I need to specify a question mark
after the function to read about it.
So if I type model.compile and
then puts question mark,
yeah, I can read more about the function.
So for instance, the default optimizer
is rmsprop, which stands for
Root Mean Square Prop,
I don't remember what prop stands for.
[LAUGH] But it's just another
way to get to this minimum.
And for the loss function, yeah, there
are different already predefined losses.
So we can actually go directly
to TensorFlow losses.
The beauty of Keras is that it can
use TensorFlow functions easily.
So you can actually mix TensorFlow and
Keras and vice versa quite easily.
So what we can do,
we can simply type TensorFlow losses, and
just look at available losses to us and
there are plenty, right?
So for our problem, just because
we have ten neurons with Softmax,
it's usually recommended to have
sparse categorical cross entropy.
Let's see, do we?
Yeah, cross entropy right here.
What else do we need?
So let's say optimizer,
loss function and metrics.
Yeah, we need to specify how
we gonna measure our success.
So let me just close this one, metrics.
And once again I can use
TensorFlow predefined class, or
you can say I will just measure accuracy.
Oops, I think I misspelled something.
Let's see, what did I misspell,
accuracy, okay.
Probably it should be capitalized.
No, I know what the problem is.
The thing is, with the metrics,
I'm providing the whole list
of things I'm measuring my performance
by and accuracy can be just one of them.
So let's run this code now,
still a mistake.
Expect it, and that was a mistake.
Watch it return.
Okay, one second, let me quickly
take a look at the code again.
So okay, we have,
Let's switch to pure Keras encoding.
So with optimizer adam with the loss
function, we can say sparse,
categorical_crossentropy.
I have a question.
Yes.
Is it possible that it could be ACC,
ACC for accuracy?
I think it was with the previous
version of TensorFlow and
they switched from ACC to accuracy kind
of full spelling, but we can check it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Accuracy?
Did I misspell it?
No.
Accuracy, okay, it worked.
[LAUGH] I know what happened.
I use TensorFlow but yeah,
I should have basically
specified to create the object of that
class and that provided the class itself.
Basically, if you spell this with words,
right, that's the recommended method
of referring to different optimizer and
losses in Keras.
And I think for the beginners,
it's the optimal way.
If you want to switch to
TensorFlow optimizers for
instance, right, and then adam.
For instance, if I execute it right now,
it will also create the mistake,
because I need to create subclass and
now it's working.
But it also allows you to, for instance,
specify additional parameters.
So different optimizers,
you can change those hyper
parameters like beta and epsilon.
It kinda defines the behavior, how our
optimizer will be getting to the solution.
But we can leave all
the default values right now.
It doesn't really matter.